Update TypeScript guide (#572)
hotwired/stimulus: docs/reference/using_typescript.md

> Stimulus itself is written [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

Reviewer: I think we are missing a `in` here

and provides types directly over its package.
The following documentation shows how to define types for
Stimulus properties.

## Define Controller Element Type

> By default, the `element` of the controller is from type `Element`. You can override this in your `extends` statement. For example, if the element type is expected to be a `HTMLFormElement`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `element` of the controller is of type `Element`. You can override this in your `extends` statement. For example, if the element type is expected to be a `HTMLFormElement`:
```

}
```

> > The `declare` avoids overriding the exist Stimulus property, and just defines the type for TypeScript.

Reviewer: Should this be `existing`? Also might be worth to mention that `declare` is a keyword
```suggestion
> The `declare` keyword avoids overriding the existing Stimulus property, and just defines the type for TypeScript.
```

}
```

> > The `declare` avoids overriding the exist Stimulus property, and just defines the type for TypeScript.

Reviewer: Same here
```suggestion
> The `declare` keyword avoids overriding the existing Stimulus property, and just defines the type for TypeScript.
```
